  I am a hard-working, self-motivated student looking for a full-time position after I graduate in May 2018. I have received multiple awards and honors for my academic achievement, including being selected by my professors as the “Outstanding Student of the Year” for the electrical engineering department. I have taken multiple courses which integrated schematic analysis, circuit design, and programming into the curriculum — solidified by laboratory practice. I am also a student member of my university’s IEEE chapter, and serve as captain of the robotics team. A large part of this project involves integrating software and hardware components using a microcontroller. Through this project and my relevant coursework, I have become skilled at coding, especially in C-based languages.
  In addition to being an exceptional student, I have experience working within the defense environment. I am an enlisted member of the Texas Air National Guard where I work as an aircraft mechanic on the MQ-1 and MQ-9 airframes. As such, I have an active secret security clearance and 4 years of experience with military aviation.
  I have also completed a 10-week internship with the Air Force Research Lab, Munitions Directorate at Eglin, AFB. While there, I collaborated with fellow test engineers to enhance the Air Force’s weapon capability. I led my own project with technical support from a mentor, which resulted in establishing novel testing and analysis techniques to measure the interior conditions of a munition on impact. I utilized my skill with MATLAB software to organize and analyze the data from live-fire tests. I am very adept at working in a lab setting and am familiar with test generation, execution, and documentation procedures.
